Four a.m. Thandi holds two things.
Her daughter's hand — and her daughter's story.
Six years of it, in a folder soft with handling.
Somewhere on these shelves, her story waits. Or it doesn't.
So Thandi begins again.
Paper doesn't just get lost. People do.
What if the system remembered — so she never had to?
This is C-H-I-S — the Centralised Health Information System.
Tell it once. One record, made at the door.
Every vital. Every visit. The whole story.
The pharmacy already knows.
The theatre is ready before she is.
And the whole facility, seen at a glance.
No more lost files. No more missing history. When questions come, the record answers.
One patient. One file — anywhere in South Africa that C-H-I-S runs.
No folder today. The story follows.
One patient. One record. Every facility. A health system that remembers.